Words differ in the extent to which they refer to objects or things that a human body can physically interact with. Some words refer to objects or things that a human body can easily physically interact with, whereas other words refer to objects or things that a human body cannot easily physically interact with. The purpose of this experiment is to rate words as to the ease with which a human body can physically interact with what they represent. For example, the word “chair” refers to an object or thing that a human body can easily physically interact with (e.g., a human body can sit on a chair, or stand on a chair, or move a chair from one part of a room to another), whereas the word “ceiling” refers to an object or thing that a human body cannot easily physically interact with (e.g., a human body could jump up and touch a ceiling). Any word (e.g., “chair”) that in your estimation refers to an object or thing that a human body can easily physically interact with should be given a high body-object interaction rating (at the upper end of the numerical scale). Any word (e.g., “ceiling”) that in your estimation refers to an object or thing that a human body cannot easily physically interact with should be given a low body–object interaction rating (at the lower end of the scale).

It is important that you base these ratings on how easily a human body can physically interact with what a word represents, and not on how easily it can be experienced by human senses (e.g., vision, taste, etc.). Also, because words tend to make you think of other words as associates, it is important that your ratings not be based on this and that you judge only the ease with which a human body can physically interact with what a word represents.

Your body–object interaction ratings will be made on a 1 to 7 scale. A value of 1 will indicate a low body–object interaction rating, a value of 4 will indicate a medium body-object interaction rating, and a value of 7 will indicate a high body–object interaction rating. Values of 2 to 6 will indicate intermediate ratings. Please feel free to use the whole range of values provided when making your ratings. Choose the rating that is most appropriate for each word. When making your ratings, try to be as accurate as possible, but do not spend too much time on any one word.

If you would like to withdraw from the survey at any point, hit the “next” button at the bottom of each page until you reach the end.

Please rate the word <<{word}>> on a scale from 1 to 7. Answer with one digit.
