“Some expressions refer to things or actions in reality, which you can experience directly through one of the five senses. We call these concrete expressions. Other expressions refer to meanings that cannot be experienced directly but which we know because the meanings can be defined by other words. These are abstract expressions. Still other expressions fall in-between the two extremes, because we can experience them to some extent and in addition, we rely on language to understand them. We want you to indicate how concrete the meaning of each expression is for you by using a 5-point rating scale going from abstract to concrete.”

“A concrete expression comes with a higher rating and refers to something that exists in reality; you can have immediate experience of it through your senses (smelling, tasting, touching, hearing, seeing) and the actions you do. The easiest way to explain a concrete expression is by pointing to it or by demonstrating it (e.g. To explain 'ice cream sandwich' you could have someone eat an ice cream sandwich or show them an ice cream sandwich).”

“An abstract expression comes with a lower rating and refers to something you cannot experience directly through your senses or actions. Its meaning depends on language. The easiest way to explain it is by using other words (e.g. There is no simple way to demonstrate ‘on autopilot'; but we can explain the meaning of the expression by using other words to capture its meaning of ‘to do something without thinking about it or making an effort’).”

“You will see that there are various types of expressions on the following pages, ranging from two-word expressions to longer phrases. Always think of how concrete (experience based) the meaning of the full expression is to you, rather than basing your rating on the meaning of an individual word within the expression.”

“Abstract (language based) Concrete (experience based)
1 2 3 4 5”

Please rate the expression on a scale from 1 (very abstract) to 5 (very concrete).
Answer with one digit.

<<{expression}>>
