In this experiment, you will be rating a set of 101/150 words on 9 different scales – familiarity, concreteness, arousal, valence, dominance, imagaeability, size, gender, and age of acquisition. These different scales assess different aspects of word meanings. You will rate the entire word set on one scale, then rate them all again on the next scale, and so on. You will be given instructions about what each scale represents before you begin each scale. Sometimes words have more than one meaning – for example, the word “nail” has one meaning related to fingers and one related to hammers In such cases, we will display the word in one of its meanings – “nail (finger)” or “nail” (hammer)” – or just by itself as “nail”. Please rate these words according to your first impression. It is also possible that you may be presented with a word that you don’t know. If this happens, you can respond with “Unfamiliar Word.” there is a button “Unfamiliar word” located below the rating scale that you can click on to proceed to the next trial. Finally, it may sometimes be difficult to rate a word on a given scale. For example, the word “desk” might be difficult to categorise as either being a masculine or feminine thing. Likewise, the word “amusing” might be difficult to categorise as something that is big or small. When you are faced with such difficult decisions, please respond as best as you can without thinking too deeply – go with your intuitions. Note: Click on the red information button in the upper right corner at any time to refer to the rating instructions again. Note: One version of the ratings included 101 words; the other included 150.

In your ratings, please note the following: there are no correct or incorrect answers – each person will have differing opinions; trust your intuitions – do not spend a long time thinking about each word as your initial reaction is often the most accurate; and try to use the whole range of the scale.

Age of Acquisition: A word’s age of acquisition is the age at which that word was initially learned. Please estimate when in your life you think you first acquired or learned each word. That is, try to remember how old you were when you learned each word either in its spoken or written form (whichever came first). The scale is defined as a series of consecutive 2-year periods from the ages of 0 to 12 years, and a final period encompassing 13 years and older. Please rate the word <<{word}>> on a scale from 1 to 7, where 1 = ages 0–2 and 7 = age 13 or older. Answer with one digit.
