Our society and interactions with other people feature at the heart of many of our experiences in life and this study explores whether this is reflected in the language we use.

In particular, this study is interested in the 'socialness' of words, or the degree to which words can be considered 'social'. There are many ways in which a word can be considered 'social'. For example, a word is considered to be 'social' if it describes or refers to a social characteristic of a person or group of people (e.g., 'trustworthy'), a social behaviour or interaction (e.g., 'to fight'), a social role (e.g., 'teacher'), a social space (e.g., 'pub'), a social institution (e.g., 'hospital') or system (e.g., 'nation'), a social value (e.g., 'righteousness') or ideology (e.g., 'feminism'), or any other socially-relevant concept. In contrast, 'non-social' words have meanings that lack in social relevance (e.g., 'chair', 'time').

Words also differ in the degree to which they can be considered social. Some words clearly refer to social things, social qualities or to social actions or events (e.g., 'trustworthy') whereas, for other words, the relationship to society or social interactions might only become apparent after a period of intense thought (e.g., 'promotion'), or not at all (e.g., 'chair'). The purpose of this study is to rate words based on the degree to which they have a meaning that has social relevance. Any word that in your estimation refers to something that has clear social relevance should be given a high 'socialness' rating (at the upper end of the numerical scale). Any word that in your estimation refers to something lacking in social relevance should be given a low 'socialness' rating (at the lower end of the scale). Any word that in your estimation refers to something that is not fundamentally social but has some social elements (e.g., 'smartphone'), or can be thought of as social in some circumstances (e.g., 'event'), should be given an intermediate socialness rating.

It is important that you base these ratings on the degree of the social relevance of the word's meaning and not whether the meaning is prosocial versus antisocial or evokes positive/negative associations. For example, the word 'fight' should be given a high 'socialness' rating because it refers to a type of interaction between people, and even though the interaction is antisocial.

Please make your 'socialness' ratings using the 7-point scale. A value of 1 indicates a low 'socialness' rating, and a value of 7 indicates a high 'socialness' rating. Values of 2 to 6 indicate intermediate ratings. Please feel free to use the whole range of values provided when making your ratings.

Please rate the word <<{word}>> on a scale from 1 to 7. Answer with one digit.
