In this study, we explore how we understand words and concepts. In particular, we are interested in how "cognitive" a word is, or the degree to which a word's meaning can be considered cognitive. We define cognitive as referring to mental processes related to thinking, understanding, learning, memory, problem-solving, and other activities and products of the mind, which emerge through both thought and experience.

Words vary in their degree of association with cognition. Some words clearly signify mental activities (e.g. reasoning) or cognitive products (e.g., belief), while for other words, their cognitive relevance might require deeper contemplation (e.g., joke) or may not exist at all (e.g., rock). For instance, words like "logic," "brain" or "reasoning" are considered to be more cognitive because they are directly associated with mental functions, whereas words like "tree" or "chair" are much less cognitive as they are not directly related to mental activities or mental products.

The purpose of this study is to rate words based on the degree to which they have a meaning that has cognitive associations. Any word that in your estimation refers to something that has a clear cognitive relevance should be given a high "cognitive" rating (at the upper end of the numeric scale). Any word that in your estimation refers to something that lacks cognitive association should be given a low "cognitive" rating (at the lower end of the numeric scale). Any word that refers to something that is not fundamentally cognitive but has cognitive elements (e.g. book) can be given an intermediate cognitive rating.

Please rate how "cognitive" a word is using the 7-point scale. A value of 1 indicates a low "cognitive" rating, and a value of 7 indicates a high "cognitive" rating. Values of 2 to 6 indicate intermediate ratings. Please feel free to use the whole range of values provided when making your ratings. When making your ratings, try to be as accurate as possible, but do not spend too much time on any one word. If you are not familiar with a word's meaning, please respond with 'I don't know the meaning of this word'.

Please rate the word <<{word}>> on a scale from 1 to 7. Answer with one digit.
