‘Motivation’ is a driving force behind our behaviours, leading us to attain desirable goals. This study is concerned with objects, events, and interactions (and qualities of these things) that we experience and perceive as being motivating. ‘Motivation’ describes a sense of desire to achieve or obtain a goal. Therefore, there are many ways in which a word could refer to something ‘motivating’.

‘Motivation’ can be associated with internal factors (e.g., “gratitude”, “guilt”) or external factors (e.g., “bribe”, “cold”). Some words can refer to the motivation of interacting with others (e.g., “friends”, “presentation”), while others can refer to something you want to achieve (e.g., “status”, to “compete”). In contrast, there are things that are not at all motivating (e.g., “stone”). We are interested in exploring the extent to which words of all kinds are perceived as being related to ‘motivation’. Importantly, a word can relate to ‘motivation’ regardless of whether it refers to something positive or negative. For example, the word “tornado” should be given a high ‘motivation’ rating because it refers to something that will motivate a decision or action, despite having a negative connotation.

In this study, you are required to rate words based on the degree to which they have a meaning that is associated with ‘motivation’. Any word (e.g., “belief”) that in your estimation refers to something you perceive as being highly associated with ‘motivation’ should be given a high ‘motivation’ rating (at the upper end of the numerical scale). Any word (e.g., “duck”) that in your estimation refers to something that lacks an association with motivation should be given a low motivation rating (at the lower end of the scale). Any word that in your estimation refers to something that is not fundamentally motivating but has some motivating elements (e.g., ‘school’), or can be thought of as motivating in some circumstances (e.g., ‘audience’), should be given an intermediate motivation rating.

Please make your ‘motivation’ ratings using the 7-point scale. A value of 1 indicates a low ‘motivation’ rating, and a value of 7 indicates a high ‘motivation’ rating. The values ranging from 2 to 6 are intermediate ratings. Please feel free to use the whole range of values provided when making your ratings. When making your ratings, try to be as accurate as possible, but do not spend too much time on any one word.

Please rate the word <<{word}>> on a scale from 1 to 7. Answer with one digit.
